[Music]
hello it's peter spencer
i'm here about selling the house does
anyone help
hello
this is detective muldoon this is peter
spencer something happened to me at 44
rayburn drive
someone was murdered at the house why
did you never go into that place
something never felt right about it
looks like we got another one
do you think that the body we found is
related
hello i went to the house hello
police department
[Music]
i think something followed me home mommy
what's going on
what's wrong we need to leave right now
[Music]
down
so
daddy
a fairy tale has a way of getting into
your head
even before you hear it somehow you just
know it
and it always went like this
please make your acquaintance i'm called
gretel and this rough one here is my
brother hansel
[Music]
ouch me how you came to be in my woods
there's too much and it isn't right
you're scared
there's something wrong here careful
dear i'd hate for you to start something
you can't stop
[Music]
our phones have become essential apps
keep track of our schedules our fitness
our love lives but what if an app could
tell you
how long i got 63 years
57 years before you die
would you want to know
what two days
this app it's fake obviously my
girlfriend said the same thing
[Music]
he knew that app said she was gonna die
whatever is happening to us i think it's
because of this app
i need a new phone your new phone new
number your service
[Music]
anything else i can help you with no
the countdown app it's really just a
random number with a clock it's not that
scary
but it seems like it worked on youtube
clowns
this must be everyone that downloaded
the app
my sister she downloaded it
all we need to do is beat the clock by
one second have you ever done anything
like this before
no but i've read about it a lot
what if this doesn't work a fate much
worse than death will pursue you
come with me it won't overwhelm you
until you are utterly destroyed
wake up
yo are you calling my name
justin witter 10 years old
went missing on a bike ride last night
near jupiter park
park ranger found the bike
oh boy i'll let you manage the situation
as you see fit
your lead on this got it
[Music]
now if you remember nine-year-old
michael king went missing just
authorities are now telling parents of
young children to keep them close and on
time
there's something up here
gonna find him
[Music]
mom
connor
there's something strange about the
house how'd you get in here
connor open this door what are you doing
what are you doing if you did something
you can tell me what are you talking
[Music]
about
[Applause]
i'm sorry 9-1-1 got a call from someone
claiming to have seen our kidnapper
you don't get to act like nothing
happened sorry
you have any idea what's coming for you
i'm sorry
oh
[Music]
there's evidence that suggests that jack
in the boxes were originally built in
france to contain
evil entities
[Music]
come on
you